---
title: "Beliefs"
date: 2018-04-30T10:05:49+10:00
draft: false
---



## THE SCRIPTURES

We believe the Scriptures, both Old and New Testaments, to be the inspired word of God, without error in the original writings, the complete revelation of His will for the salvation of men, and the Divine and final authority for all Christian faith and life. (II Tim. 3:16, John 10:35, Psalm 89:34, Hebrews 6:18, II Peter 1:21)

## GOD

We believe in one God, Creator of all things, infinitely perfect and eternally existing in three persons, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. (Isaiah 7:14, 9:6, 1 Tim. 3:16, Gen. 1:2, Deut. 6:4)

## JESUS CHRIST

We believe that Jesus Christ is true God and true man, having been conceived of the Holy Ghost and born of the Virgin Mary. He died on the cross a sacrifice for our sins according to the Scriptures. Further, He arose bodily from the dead, ascended into heaven, where at the right hand of the Majesty on High, He now is our High Priest and Advocate. (2 Cor. 5:21, Hebrews 2:9, 9:12-28, 10:10-13, Titus 2:14, Acts 13:38-41, 1 Pet. 2:24, 1 John 3:5, Micah 5:2)

## THE HOLY SPIRIT

We believe that the ministry of the Holy Spirit is to glorify the Lord Jesus Christ, and during this age to convict men, regenerate the believing sinner, indwell, fill, comfort, guide, instruct, and empower the believer for godly living and service. (John 14:26, 16:8, 13, Acts 1:8, Rom. 5:17, 12:1-2, 1 Cor. 12:13)

## CREATION AND SIN

We believe that man was created in the image of God but fell into sin and is therefore lost and only through regeneration by the Holy Spirit can salvation and spiritual life be obtained. (Rom. 3:23, John 3:7, 7:39, 1 Cor. 6:19, Eph. 1:13-14, Luke 24:49, Titus 3:5)

## SALVATION

We believe that the shed blood of Jesus Christ and His resurrection provide the only ground for justification and salvation. (Eph. 2:8-9, Gal. 2:16, Rom. 1:6, Col. 2:13, Titus 3:5, Rom. 3:22)

## BAPTISM AND THE LORD’S SUPPER

We believe that water baptism and the Lord’s Supper are ordinances to be observed by the church during this present age. They are not, however, to be regarded as means of salvation. (Acts 1:8, 2:1-4, 10:47, 1 Cor. 6:19-20, 12:13, Eph. 4:5)

## THE CHURCH

We believe that the true Church is composed of all such persons who through saving faith in Jesus Christ have been regenerated by the Holy Spirit and are united together in the body of Christ of which He is the Head. (1 Cor. 3:11-17, 5:1-5, 11:30-32, Heb. 12:5-11)

## LOCAL CHURCH AUTONOMY

We believe that Jesus Christ is the Lord and head of the Church, and that every local church has the right under Christ to decide and govern its own affairs. (Eph. 4:4-7, 12-13, 1 Tim. 3:1-7, Titus 1:7-9, Acts 14:23)

## THE SECOND COMING OF CHRIST

We believe in the personal and imminent coming of our Lord Jesus Christ and that this “Blessed Hope” has a vital bearing on the personal life and service of the believer. (1 Thes. 1:10, 5:9-11, 2 Thes. 2:1-8, Titus 2:13, Luke 21:36, Rev. 3:10, 4:4)

## THE ETERNAL STATE

We believe in the bodily resurrection of the dead; of the believer to everlasting blessedness and joy with the Lord, of the unbeliever to judgment and everlasting conscious punishment. (1 Thes. 4:13-18, Rev. 20:5-15, Matt. 25:41, Daniel 12:2)